Let's build a Python Web App together.
With the holiday season coming up, there can be enough turmoil at the dinner table,
so let's avoid that during family movie night.
Let's build a web app to help us fairly choose a family movie.
This is a super simple application we can build using Shiny for Python.
There are two key elements we need.
First is the input so everyone can add their choice for the movie.
And second is the random selector to choose the movie for the night.
First, I'm adding the input for the movie submissions using a text element and button.
The reactive event connected to this button will perform its function,
thus adding the movie to the data table.
Then we can add some logic for the randomized picker to help us select our movie.
And there you have it!
Stay tuned for part 2 where we can deploy this application.
All along from our data science content, bye!